Add section about jvm heap size to Elasticsearch doc (#1348)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/elasticsearch-spec.asciidoc

- Pod disruption budget
- Change budget (maxUnavailable, maxSurge)

[id="{p}-jvm-heap-size"]
=== JVM heap size

> By default, JVM heap used by Elasticsearch has minimum and maximum size set to 1 GB. You can change that by using `ES_JAVA_OPTS` environment variable as shown below. For more information on setting the heap size, see link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/heap-size.html[Setting the heap size].

Reviewer: I think we could mention the default mem request.

"... set to 1 GB with a default [memory request](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/#meaning-of-memory) of 2Gi (no memory limit):"

And maybe explain the good pratice to keep a factor 2 between the JVM heap size and the memory resources requested.

[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  nodes:
  - podTemplate:
      spec:
        containers:
        - name: elasticsearch
          env:
          - name: ES_JAVA_OPTS

>             value: -Xms2g -Xmx2g

Reviewer: Increasing jvm heap size goes with increasing memory resources requests.

```yaml
    - podTemplate:
      spec:
        containers:
        - name: elasticsearch
          env:
          - name: ES_JAVA_OPTS
             value: "-Xms2G -Xmx2G" 
          resources:
            requests:
              memory: 4Gi
            limits:
              memory: 4Gi   
```

- Pod disruption budget
- Change budget (maxUnavailable, maxSurge)

[id="{p}-jvm-heap-size"]
=== JVM heap size

> By default, JVM heap used by Elasticsearch has minimum and maximum size set to 1 GB. Since it's not recommended for heap size to exceed 50% of RAM size, ECK will default to requesting 2Gi of memory. You can change JVM heap size by using `ES_JAVA_OPTS` environment variable. You can adjust pod memory accordingly by setting the resource requests. Both changes are shown below. For more information on setting the heap size, see link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/heap-size.html[Setting the heap size].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the JVM heap used by Elasticsearch has minimum and maximum size set to 1Gi. Since it's not recommended for heap size to exceed 50% of RAM size, ECK will default to requesting 2Gi of memory for the Elasticsearch pod. You can change JVM heap size by using `ES_JAVA_OPTS` environment variable. You can adjust pod memory accordingly by setting resource requests and limits. Both changes are shown below. For more information on setting the heap size, see link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/heap-size.html[Setting the heap size].
```

Reviewer 2: Suggestion for consistent units (Gi vs GB) and some slight wording nits^

> 

Reviewer 3: > By default, the JVM heap used by Elasticsearch has minimum and maximum size set to 1Gi. As the heap size should not exceed 50% of RAM size, ECK requests 2Gi of memory for the Elasticsearch Pod. To change the JVM heap size, use the environment variable `ES_JAVA_OPTS`. To adjust the Pod memory accordingly, set the resource requests and limits. Both changes are shown below. For more information, see link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/heap-size.html[Setting the heap size].

Reviewer 3: This instruction is a bit confusing (at least to me):

> To adjust the Pod memory accordingly, set the resource requests and limits.

Set the resource requests and limits to what?

Author: Discussed and fixed offline.
